README.md, before:

# GitHub Profile Viewer

This is a web application that allows users to search for GitHub profiles and view details such as their bio, location, and public repositories. The app also includes pagination for repositories when there are more than 30.

## Features

- Search for GitHub profiles by username
- View profile details including avatar, bio, and location
- View a list of public repositories
- Pagination for repositories (if more than 30)
- Dark mode and light mode toggle

## Technologies Used

- Next.js (React Framework)
- Tailwind CSS (Styling)
- Axios (API requests)
- GitHub REST API

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/github-profile-viewer.git

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/github-profile-viewer.git

2. Navigate into the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd github-profile-viewer

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install

4. Run the application:

   ```bash

   npm run dev

5. Open http://localhost:3000 to view the app in the browser.

# How to Use

1. Enter a GitHub username in the search bar and click "Search".
2. View the user's profile details and public repositories.
3. If the user has more than 30 repositories, use the pagination buttons to navigate through them.
4. Toggle between dark and light mode using the button in the header.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

   ```vbnet
   This completes the requested changes for your GitHub Profile Viewer app. Let me know if you need more adjustments!

Commit message:

feat: added theme switc icon for mobile

README.md, after:

# GitHub Profile Viewer

This is a web application that allows users to search for GitHub profiles and view details such as their bio, location, and public repositories. The app also includes pagination for repositories when there are more than 30.

## Features

- Search for GitHub profiles by username
- View profile details including avatar, bio, and location
- View a list of public repositories
- Pagination for repositories (if more than 30)
- Dark mode and light mode toggle (Icon for Mobile View)
- LocalStorage to store Theme

## Technologies Used

- Next.js (React Framework)
- Tailwind CSS (Styling)
- Axios (API requests)
- GitHub REST API

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/github-profile-viewer.git

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/github-profile-viewer.git

2. Navigate into the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd github-profile-viewer

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install

4. Run the application:

   ```bash

   npm run dev

5. Open http://localhost:3000 to view the app in the browser.

# How to Use

1. Enter a GitHub username in the search bar and click "Search".
2. View the user's profile details and public repositories.
3. If the user has more than 30 repositories, use the pagination buttons to navigate through them.
4. Toggle between dark and light mode using the button in the header.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

   ```vbnet
   This completes the requested changes for your GitHub Profile Viewer app. Let me know if you need more adjustments!
